=Meeting=
  * Date: 2011-08-04
  * Attendees:  

== Documents ==
  *  Proposal
    * https://docs.google.com/document/d/1EEPEBPQlllLFTTc7VpP4JOODxQcROsjRRcMShrMAAtQ/edit?hl=en_US
  * Presentation
    * https://docs.google.com/present/edit?id=0AQ_p-HKWUjHoZGQ5cGNtcmhfMjlodHQ0dHFncg&hl=en
_US


==Minutes==

Start the project with simple examples
  * Collect feature requests from the PST project about how to represent a feature
  * Create specification
  * Create plug-in
  * Community test and feedback
  * Improve specification
  * Improve plug-in

Try to get a prof of concept

Proposed plug-ins to start with
  * Sequence
  * Ontology tree
  * References (bibliography)
  * External Services got this same request

Library of icons
  * Examples: biological representations, database icons, etc.
  * External Services is working on this (Visualisation group)
  * Suggestion of keeping a open registry of icons 

Set up communication infrastructure
  * Wiki
  * Mailing list

Include John in the External services mailing list.